# CS-250 Final Project

# How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
Interpreting user needs starts by translating stakeholder requests into feasible technical requirements. The product owner meets with stakeholders to gather input in order to understand the users' needs. User stories are crucial to interpreting user needs because it helps to outline the who, what and why. Creating user stories defines clearly who the changes are for, what the stakeholder wants from a feature and why that feature is important for them.
# How do I approach developing programs? What Agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
When developing programs, I tend to use well structured code allowing me to go back and add or adjust features easily. Agile works well with my approach since it also advocates for flexibility and a quality end product. Some key processes I hope to incorporate are sprints, daily stand ups, and retrospectives. Having sprints set up will allow me to break down the overall project into manageable chunks making sure I can deliver working code frequently. Daily stand ups will be a great way to track progress on a daily level, without sacrificing a lot of time to do so. Having these brief sessions daily will help keep everyone working on the project informed on overall progress and any challenges that arise. The last process I hope to incorporate is retrospectives. Having a review session at the end of each sprint will help me to reflect on what things went well that I can use for future sprints and what problem areas the team had could be changed to improve the process.
# What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
Being a good team member in software development means upholding three core ideas in my opinion. Creating transparency within the team, having active collaboration, and adopting a mentality of shared responsibility. Transparency as a team member makes sure those around you know your progress, struggles, and provides them a deeper insight into your work. That foundation helps a team to work cohesively without confusion. Active collaboration with other members allows for the team to assist each other with complex tasks and with sharing information, hopefully preventing any bottlenecks in development. Lastly, a mentality of shared responsibility ensures all team members view each other as equally responsible to the success or failure of a project. Having that understanding helps foster a helpful team that values each member equally.
